Good morning, family. How are you
all
doing? I have a hard word to give
today, and I ask you to be patient
with me here.
You know, as a
prophet, you see things in the future. Refiner's Fire, you
know? And
I want to say this to
you all: I take this very
seriously,
and the pressure and the
weight of it is a
lot whenever the Lord visits you like He
does. When Jesus comes and visits you and
you go through that Refiner's Fire that
I've always talked to you all
about,
it changes
you. In that process of that
Refiner's Fire, you lose yourself and
everything else around you doesn't
really matter
anymore—money,
fame,
whatever. I do it all for
Him. The whole
thing is out of
compassion and love for
Jesus; nothing else matters to
me.
A lot of
people are focused on validation
here and what money they can have, what
big house, what big car, what TV
program,
whatever. But when you sit at the feet of
Jesus and you intercede for people that
are broken, and
you feel
the heart of
God, you go into the rivers like I'm
talking
about and you're by yourself. You
feel like you have friends and they
abandoned you,
and all you have is just your wife and
your kids—and that's all you really need.
Maybe you're
alone or
whatever; then there's
Jesus. In those times of praying
for people, He comes and brings a person
to you in the spirit realm, and you
see them, and then you pick them
up and intercede for them and
love on them in the spirit, and they
don't even know that you're doing it.
I'll pass people on the
road and I'll see a spirit of suicide
or whatever on that
individual, and I'll just break down and
sob and weep for them and intercede
for them for hours. I don't even know
that individual;
all I know is I see
pain, and the Lord will say, 'You need to
pray.'When
you get
compassion for the
lost, you start feeling His heartbeat for
people;
it changes you.
In the last two
days, He visited me again in the spirit
and
He started talking to me. Like I told
you
all, I weep for
humanity for Him.
I
hope the Holy Spirit can get through
this. You see what's
coming in intercessory prayer;
He tells you the weight of it. The
plague
tells you the responsibility of
what's
coming. Yesterday was a very intense day
for
me.
I was praying
for
a
pastor and interceding for some
friends. For two days in a row now, He's
been downloading stuff for me. I was
driving down the road and I was just
interceding, in deep
intercession like I do when I'm driving
around, and all of a sudden the Lord
opened my
eyes and He said to me, 'I'm going to
show you some things.'I looked out
and I was looking at a grocery store,
and I was actually in the grocery
store but He took me to the future and I
saw this massive
tent in the
grocery store parking lot.
There were white
cots
all in the parking lot of this
grocery store. Literally, I would say
there were probably a thousand
cots,
but they were all military-style
cots, and
they were white-looking. On
these cots, there
were
bodies. I saw an IV sitting beside
the body and I saw the person with the
sheet over the top of their
head; all these bodies were in this
grocery store parking lot.
Then He took me to the hospital, and all
the hospitals were completely full.
There was no room, and
there were military-style camps all
around the
city. Then I saw nurses and
doctors that were military
trying to take care of these people,
and there was nothing they could do for
them; they were just comforting them
because they were going to
die. In the spirit, I saw a yellow
fog that was high around those
people, and it was
pestilence. It was a
plague, and that was what the Lord was
showing me—it was
waist-high and
it was coming out.
It
was an airborne
virus, and I saw it at the
base of them all there.
Then the Lord took me and I saw a
complete shutdown of society beyond
anything you can comprehend, even worse
than
2020. If you thought 2020 was
bad, this makes that look like child's
play.
This is on steroids, beyond
anything you can
comprehend. We as a nation, as a
generation, have never seen this before.
The Lord said what is about
to happen has not happened for hundreds
and hundreds of years.
He told me it
would be a type and shadow of the Black
Death in the
1300s. I
saw
nobody able to do work in factories,
nobody able to work and make money of
any kind. It was a complete
shutdown
worldwide. No grocery
stores were able to be opened; it
was like essentials only,
but people were
so
scared of this
thing
that there was no movement of
humanity. If you got it, you
weren't here anymore. There was no antidote for your arm—nothing. There was
nothing to stop it.
Anybody who contracted this
thing was
gone. Then I saw 350 million
worldwide, then I saw thirty million over the United
States.
The Lord warned me about the
terrible
things that would happen
here. I was shown
all paper currency was completely
done away with because people were
afraid to touch it; it was more of a
digital platform. I saw an
implementation even more because of
being afraid to touch
it. I saw
mega-churches
completely shut
down, a complete melting of a
financial
structure beyond anybody's comprehension
that we've never seen
before.
We thought 2020 was bad;
this was far more than anything I
can tell you. The people passing away,
like I said, had white sheets over them, and
it was very
heavy. The Lord showed
me a massive hurricane
again, but it was
not a real, actual hurricane; it was in
the spirit realm. He said, 'Son,
the very beginning of the bands are
just starting to touch.'In the spirit
realm, it was a
massive hurricane, and He said the eye of
the storm is way out there. From what
you're seeing even as of today, we may be
thinking it's turbulent times in the
natural with all the stuff we see going
on in the
world—with
rioting
and
all this
stuff—but
it was just the outer bands.
Even through 2020, it was just the
beginning;
the bands were just coming on the shore of
the
world. We hadn't even got to
the eye of the storm;
it was not even making
landfall yet. The great winds
weren't even here yet; it was just barely
the streaks like
you would see on the radar on
TV. He told me this will be
more than just this in the
future.
I saw stadiums—when the
financial system crashes again, He said
there
will be a financial crash,
plague,
economic turmoil
worldwide, a new digital dollar, a
new everything.
Then I was asking
Him—please
help me, Holy Spirit, I
don't want to skip around—He showed me,
like I said, when they have big
football games and baseball, people
won't even be able to afford to pay to
get into those
stadiums. They won't
have
enough finances; those people
are all
broke. But this is some hope I want to
tell you:
after I saw all the cots and all the spirit
realm
stuff, I saw people—men and women
of God—dressed in
white. The men had white
suits on in the spirit realm with
white ties, white shirts, white
slacks, and white
shoes. Outside of them was a
glowing look, like honey—the honey
was
saturating
them—and
there was a light that
shined outside of them that went about
three
feet. The glory of the Lord was so
present on these individuals, and the
Lord said, 'This will be the remnant that
rises up, and there will be a
supernatural covering over them when
this stuff happens.'I saw a glory
glow all over these remnant people, and
when this plague
tries to get on them, it
died because of the honey glow.
The honey glow ate that smog that I told you was waist-high. The smog would try to penetrate the honey glow,
and
it would kill it.
The glory of the
Lord—He
said this to me: 'For what
is coming,
son, you will not survive it if you do
not have an understanding of the
power of the name of the revelation
of Jesus.'He
said the people who are going
to walk in this honey glow will have
a revelation of the glory and the power
of the Lord inside of them
and a revelation of the
Covenant—revelation
knowledge, not just
saying it out of your
mouth. He said it would be a
rhema
word. He said, 'If you're waiting until
this happens—which
is
why I'm telling you to tell my
people to get in the Word
and
teach my people to
pray—if
they wait until this is
coming at their door, it will be
too late.'This is going to be a
development right now, very fast. You've
got to take this seriously; this is not
something that you can just halfway do.
This is going to have to become your
breath: listening and following the
leading of the voice of the Lord for
your
life. I saw massive
cities—terrible.
I saw rural land food
crises.
Rural land,
country people moving, trying to just get
whatever they could to get away from
what's going to
happen. They wanted to be out in the
country, away from everybody. I saw them
doing gardens because people were
desperate for food.
People were scared to bring the trucks
to the places.
The government had to step
in with crappy food and
try
to help people with rationing.
They
were trying to feed the people, rationing,
trying to take care of
everybody the best they could, but it
wasn't good food. It was like
Spam—nasty
food,
like MREs,
instant meals—trying to get
people food in towns and major cities
because of people not being able to
deliver the food and factories being shut
down.
Life as you know it will change
even
more. But like I said, I'm going
back to the glorious church. I saw the glory on these
people, this liquid honey, and they
were praying for the people who
were
on those cots, and the power of God
was healing those bodies right there.
The
power of God was raising
them up. That remnant of people, the
glorious church, rose up in this
persecution and
started
praying for the sick, and they
recovering. I saw a mass move of God in
darkness. This is what I was trying
to tell you: arise and shine, for your
light has come and the glory of the Lord
is going to rise upon
you.
For
gross
darkness is covering
the earth and
gross darkness the people. It
was a gross
darkness.
People say, 'Why is
this happening? Why is all this going
on?'This
is where I want to say: we
are focused
on the
fruit. Everybody's looking at the fruit
of what's going on in
society—the
sin,
the
compromise,
the brainwashing that the media tries to do,
all the
drama, always trying to go ungodly ways.
We're trying to change the
fruit, but the Lord showed me it's not
the fruit that needs to be changed.
You're praying for the fruit to change,
but it is the root that needs to be
changed. The root is what's deep
down in the soil of humanity and where
we are as a nation.
When
the root is changed, the tree, the
bush, or the plant
displays the
new
fruit. We're trying to attack the
fruit, but you have to change the
root. When you change the root,
you'll get new
fruit. The problem the Lord
was showing me is as we preach a
compromising gospel, we're not teaching
people about the name and the power of
the blood of Jesus anymore. We're not
teaching repentance and holiness. We
teach a lukewarm grace
message, and people are so caught up in
grace that the very thing
they
say they got saved from,
they're
going back to. You say, 'I'm a born-again
Christian,'but
the very thing
you say you got born again
from, you're going back to, saying it's
okay to live in that lifestyle because grace
covers
it. There's no
holiness. Until there's a repentance, a
turning
around unto God
and holiness preaching in
the
pulpits, there will be a great shifting
like you've never seen before. There's a
great Refiner's Fire coming in this
world.
You may not like what I'm going to say,
but the lifting of the hand... because
where
sin abounds, grace does much more abound,
but at the same time, the wages of sin is
death.
God is a holy God. When I told you I
went into the throne in
one of my
visitations, I saw
the light. It was everything I could do
in front of a holy God other than just
to cry out, 'God, I repent of all my
sins.'I
felt that light would burn
me up because of how holy and
righteous and amazing He
really is. There is no sin
or
compromising in God. He is a
truth-loving
God, but God is not tolerant of
sin and unholiness and filth. Yes, His
Son covered us in His blood, but His church
is living in compromise. They're living
ungodly lifestyles. Like I said,
you say you got saved, but the thing you
were so excited to be saved
from, you're going back to, and
still saying you're saved.
You can't do
that. Every single scripture, even
when Paul was writing to the
church in Ephesus,
he was
warning them.
If he wouldn't have been talking to them
about a compromising church
living in
sin—if
you're in adultery,
fornication, all these things
he named off—he was not talking to the
world; of course they're living in
ungodliness.
He was talking to the church,
and he said if you're living that way,
you will not inherit the kingdom of God.
He was warning them
then; he talks
about it in Ephesians
and
Acts.
Even Jesus says,
'You prophesied in my name, you
laid hands on the sick in my
name.'These
are
believers; you have to have a little bit
of faith inside of you to lay hands
on people and cast out devils.
These are season
believers—you
don't see baby
Christians going around casting devils
out
or
raising
the dead. Those are
seasoned believers, and He said, 'Depart
from me; I never knew
you.'Do
you understand what I'm trying to
say? Those are people who have started
living in compromise again.
You're working
in the Holy Ghost and
walking in healing miracles,
but you don't have a relationship with
Him. He doesn't know you. So the Lord
is trying to warn His body right
now. There's a great shaking coming,
a great shifting coming, but
the only way you're going to get
through this is understanding the power
and the authority of the name of Jesus.
People ask me in the comment section all
the time, 'What do I need to do? What do
I have to have to supply for
myself?'There
are
four basic needs that you need
to understand: what is
real food, what is real
money, what is real need, and what is real
energy?
If we were to
lose power for a couple of weeks,
all your meat is going to go bad if you
don't have a way to back it
up—all
your milk, all your
perishables.
How could you survive
if you had no power? You need to
think about that. If what I'm telling you
happens and there are no food trucks
for a time,
if this
happens like I'm saying—God forbid, I
pray it doesn't;
it really
grieves me a lot because it's very
heavy—but
I'm here to warn you. It's like
the Lord told
me,
'Brandon, when a general dies in the army
in a great
war, does that general's
task cease to exist, or do you have to
raise up another general to
achieve
victory?'I
said,
'Yes.'He
said, 'That's what's
happening.'There's
going to be a shifting of
old generals going home and new ones
coming up. It doesn't mean the job
is finished; it means there's a
new person to come and finish the
task. It's time for people to rise up in
the positions God has called
them to because there
are
serious days ahead. God's
bringing forth new Davids,
new
platforms, people you don't even
know, and you're going to say, 'Who are
these? Where did they come
from?'Kind
of like me, the janitor that's been
cleaning for years, just seeking Him in
my own little world, in my
little private time in my 'Glory
Dome.'Yeah,
I
have my issues; we have stuff
we overcome. The Refiner's Fire has been
intense on my life, but I can tell you
I've had some very precious
times with the Father sitting at His
feet. I try to tell you: have you sat at
the feet of Jesus
today? He misses you. People have
no idea how much He loves you. But in
this shifting, walking
in
holiness
is
like an umbrella. When the
umbrella is lifted,
it's
what protects people from the rain.
When
you're walking in holiness, there's
an
umbrella of covering.
The more
sin
and
dirtiness comes
in—abortions,
trash—the
wages of sin
causes a gap, and
the enemy comes in more and more with
his garbage. Compromise comes in,
and it opens doors for the
devil to rob you.
When you
walk in compromise, you can be oppressed
by demonic spirits if you open
doors
through pornography and all
this
stuff.
So you need a resource.
What is real
money? Say the banks are all
closed and you don't have a means to
get in because the electric grid
is
down. That means all digital
platform money is locked up. You can't
use your card or ATM.
How do you pay for
those
things?
I'm not a financial
advisor, but if you have things to barter
with—actual
gold, silver,
maybe some cash on hand, maybe some
pew pew shells,
food, something...
because
the body of
Christ can be the salt of the earth
right now. I'm trying to paint a picture
for
you all to think
differently.
Maybe you have
a
bag of rice or beans
and you're able to help
someone
get a meal in their stomach
to get through the next day. I don't
know—canned
tuna or whatever.
What's real energy? If you don't have
power or
a
way to see at night,
and it's completely dark
or
13 below
zero up north and the power grid goes
out,
what
would you
do? Most people in
the city
can't save a lot of
gasoline;
it's against the law
to
put big containers of gas
in your neighborhood. But if you
live in the country,
maybe you can get 50 gallons in
a
drum with some
stabilizer and
replenish it.
Be
proactive
instead of reactive.
Maybe get a little wood-burning stove
where you can
run a
pipe out the window
to
keep
from
freezing.
Maybe
get a
generator
that runs on different
fuels
or
a
solar power thing.
Study things out.
What is a real energy source? What's a
true need? What is life
and death to you?
Women need
feminine hygiene stuff.
You need toothpaste,
deodorant,
soap to wash your body. You
need
a
source of water. The Lord has really
put it on my heart about water and
drought. If
the
water
is
tainted
or
poisoned, what would
you do?
Three days without water and you're gone.
Get some bottled water or gallons.
It's not about fear.
People in Arizona's
needs are different
from
Florida
or
Arkansas.
This
is
the
time to seek Him for your
life. People ask me,
'Brandon, what do I need to
get?'I
don't know
where you
live!
It's going to be different
everywhere. If
you
say,
'I have an
issue with alcohol, cigarettes,
pornography, or
anger,'and
you start attacking
the fruit of the issue, you need to go
back to the root. Why am I doing this?
What's the root cause in my
heart, soul, mind,
will, and emotions that's causing the
fruit?
You might
backbite
or be a gossip,
and you're always praying for
the fruit, but
you need
to go back to the root.
See
what you're
really
feeling—the
insecurities
or
addictions.
That's what you need
to fix so that your fruit changes.
The problem is the
root of America, not the fruit.
The problem is the root of the household—why
do
you keep getting
divorce after divorce?
What's the root cause,
the Brokenness inside
you?
How do you fix the root inside
of you to get a different fruit?
I'm
not trying to poke at you, but everyone
wants
to know how to fix
their situations. The only way
to do that is to fix you
inside, and the only way to
do that is the Word. That's really
what I have for you all today.
Let's pray. Father, I just
thank You right now in the name of Jesus
for this word.
I thank You, Father, that You
are giving them wisdom. Revelation
knowledge will flow freely into their
minds, uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force. I plead the blood of Jesus Christ
over their minds right now. We bind the
spirit of fear; perfect love casts out all
fear. We rise up with who we are supposed
to be in these last days,
walking in the victory of the power
of the name of Jesus and our Covenant.
Greater is He that is
in us than he that is in the world, and
we will not fear death, for to be absent
from the body is to be present with the
Lord. Father, I thank You that we
have wisdom and revelation on what to do for
our families, whether to be
relocated or to stay. If we
are to stay,
show us what we need to get
for our families. Give
us
wisdom so that we're not moved out of
emotion or fear.
Be
led, filled with, and controlled by the
Holy Ghost
in these last days.
We do not rush out and do things
immediately, but we yield ourselves to You,
Holy Ghost, and say, 'What is Your
agenda for my life?'Show me. You are my
great Way Maker, the Planner,
my
Advocate, my Comforter, my
Standby—You
are
everything to me. You're the pilot, and
I'm in the
backseat letting You steer my life.
I thank You, Father, that
You've
given us the mind of Christ.
We tap into that mind of Christ right
now. We thank You, Lord, that we will
hear Your voice, and a strange voice we will
not follow. I thank You, Lord, that You
tell us if we need to get medicines
or
prescriptions.
I pray a spirit of peace, for You said,
'Peace I leave with you; my
peace I give to
you.'We
operate in that peace. Even with
hard words, we are not moved by emotion
or
flesh; we're moved by
the love of God. I thank You, Lord,
that Your love is never failing. It's
overflowing for the people who turn and
repent from their wicked ways. Just like
You said with Jonah, we repent
and we turn from our wicked ways. For You
said, 'If my people, who are called by my
name, will humble themselves and pray and
turn from their wicked ways, then they
will hear from heaven and I will heal
their
land.'So
Father, we repent, we get our
hearts right before You, we turn
from our wicked ways, and we humble ourselves.
I
thank
You,
Lord,
for Your love and
compassion, and
that
You
lead and guide us into all truth and
knowledge. In the name of Jesus,
Father, we take authority over sickness
and disease, over
viruses, over
plagues, over diabetes,
cancers, heart disease, and glaucoma.
Everything we need was
provided by the stripes on Your
back. You became sickness for us; You
were wounded for us. You did it all for
us, and we
receive that redemption right
now by faith,
through
Your
grace. In
the mighty name of Jesus, and
everyone
say,
'Amen.'So
that's what I have for you all
today. I just want to say thank you for
watching, for the
likes and contributions.
My family truly
appreciates it; it means so
much to us.
Thank
you from the bottom of my heart for the
support and love.
Put a
smile on your face and a song on your
heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you.
Have a blessed day, everybody.
Bye-bye.